
						RELEASE NOTE

Platform - Windows
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


SOFTWARE NAME  - Predict2Data

NOTE - 1)If you have already installed Python 2.7.11 , then you should cancel the installation of Python 2.7.11 when asked for
       2)If you have already installed Python 2.7.11 , then make sure that you have set the path of python.exe in the User 
        defined variable of Environment variables with Path_Name = python and Path_Value=Drive:\Directory_Name_Of_Python27
	3)If python not installed, then clicking on Predict2DataInstall.bat will install it. Make sure that after installation
	 path variable in Environment varibale with Path_Name = python and Path_Value=Drive:\Directory_Name_Of_Python27	
***) You can run the application after clicking on Predict2DataExe.bat

1. Functions of the widgets on the layout.

	
	Open button - It will allow the user to open a file from his/her computer using file explorer. 
		     
		      Note - # It will only open .csv extension files. Else error message will be shown.
		   	     
			     # In the CSV file, the first column should have X values with a proper column
			       header and the second columns should have Y values along with a similar
			       column header.
	
	Plot button - It will plot a graph between input on x-axis and output on y-axis.
	
	Degree input - After the plot function is executed. The graph of the will be shown to the user 
		       corresponding X and Y values. The degree of a function is the highest power of  
		       the variable in it. Different degree functions have different characteristic
		       plot of the graph. The user has to identify the degree of the function from the 
		       graph and enter it in the space given.
	
	Start Regression button - After entering the degree of the function the user can hit the 
				  start regression button which will start the regression function
				  and show a message upon successful regression of the function.

	X value input - In this text field, the user has to enter his/her desired input or X value
			to get the output or Y value.

	Go button - After entering the desired X-value in the label by the user, this button will execute
		    its specific function to predict the corresponding Y-value and display it in the 
		    desired space.
	

2. OS requirement


	Source code of this software is written in Python programming language with Tkinter for GUI.
	This is software will run on Windows and Linux operating systems.


3. Target audience


	The output values of a sensor, like a gas sensor or temperature sensor, are never constant. 
	It doesnot have a predefined function for its values nor its easy to define a function for its
	output values. So we are not able to get the output values of the sensors with any of our own
	desired input values without practically testing them. This software enables a user to get a 
	corresponding output value of a sensor when he/she enters a desired input value. 
	The user has to find the degree of the function from the graph and enter it. It then uses 
	regression function predict the output value of the sensor for a specifc input value entered 
	by the user.

	Note - This software can correctly predict the output value of a sensor having continuous values only.
	       For sensors having discrete output values, this software cannot predict correct values.